1) what are the types of dimension tables?
A) 3 Types
   1) Comfirmed is a table that can be shared by shared by multiple Fact Tables or multiple DataMarts.
   2) Junk Dimensiions collection of flag values of a specific dimension attribute.(Factory, Products Manufactured ..)
      a smaller set of values mapped to small set of values
      
   3) A degenerate dimension is a dimension that is stored in the fact table rather than the dimension table.
      It eliminates the need to join to a Dimension table.

2) What is a Slowly changing Dimension (SCD)
A) Type I
       This method overwrites old with new data, and therefore does not track historical data.
   Type II
       This method tracks historical data by creating multiple records for a given natural key
       in the dimensional tables with separate surrogate keys using different version numbers or
       effective-from and effective-to date values
   Type III
       This method tracks limited historical data by having a current and previous value columns for 
       dimension records.

3) Whats a FACT table
A) A fact table is a set of values which are measurable, Facts are usually numerical values
   that can be aggregated, and dimension foreign keys.

4) Difference between STAR and SNOWFLAKE schema?
A) STAR
   * Implements Dimension Hierarchy in the same table
   * Dimension Tables are Normalized, but Fact Table is De-Normalized
   * Useful design for smaller sized dimension tables.
   
   SNOWFLAKE
   * Implements Dimension hierarchy in multiple tables.
   * Both Dimension and Fact Tables are De-Normalized
   * Use for Larger Size and more complex dimension tables.
     Like Many-Many on dimensions.
     
5) How to perform testing in datawarehouse?
A) All tests are data-centric, hence validating previous (correct data) reports with most recent load data,
   should validate the load.
   
6) What is the difference between Operational Data Store (ODS) and staging area
A) ODS : Contains realtime or near realtime data from various operational databases (OLTP)
   Staging Area: Are a set of tables that hold data from various (OLTP / ODS), where the data is cleaned
   and validated (Staged), from where, its loaded to the DataWarehouse.
   
7)   
   
